Expanded model zoo + fixed links in TF-QAT toolkit (w/ sign-off) (#2228)
NVIDIA/TensorRT: tools/tensorflow-quantization/README.md

# <span style="color:green"> **NVIDIA TensorFlow 2.x Quantization** </span>

This TensorFlow 2.x Quantization toolkit quantizes (inserts Q/DQ nodes) TensorFlow 2.x Keras models for Quantization-Aware Training (QAT).

> We follow NVIDIA's QAT recipe, which leads to optimal model acceleration with [TensorRT](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/tensorrt/developer-guide/index.html) on NVIDIA GPUs and hardware accelerators. 

Reviewer: There are a few extra whitespaces added in this commit. Can you remove them?

Author: Done

## Documentation

TensorFlow 2.x Quantization toolkit [userguide](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/tensorrt/tensorflow-quantization-toolkit/docs/index.html).

## Known limitations

1. Only Quantization Aware Training (QAT) is supported as a quantization method.
2. Only Functional and Sequential Keras models are supported. Original Keras layers are wrapped into quantized layers using TensorFlow's [clone_model](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/keras/models/clone_model) method, which doesn't support subclassed models.
3. Saving the quantized version of a few layers may not be supported in `TensorFlow < 2.8`:
   - `DepthwiseConv2D` support was added in TF 2.8.
   - `Conv2DTranspose` is not yet supported by TF (see the open bug [here](https://github.com/tensorflow/model-optimization/issues/964)). 
       However, there's a workaround if you do not need the TF2 SavedModel file and just the ONNX file:

>        1. Implement `Conv2DTransposeQuantizeWrapper`. See our [userguide](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/tensorrt/tensorflow-quantization-toolkit/docs/docs/add_new_layer_support.html#example) for more information on how to do that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       1. Implement `Conv2DTransposeQuantizeWrapper`. See our [user guide](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/tensorrt/tensorflow-quantization-toolkit/docs/docs/add_new_layer_support.html#example) for more information on how to do that.
```

Author: I'm okay with that, we went with `userguide` over `User Guide` (or a variation of that) to match the [pytorch-quantization README](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT/tree/main/tools/pytorch-quantization#resources). Please let us know which one is preferred.

Reviewer: Prefer `user guide`

Author: Noted and updated.
